RESUME

Prachi K. Thakare                                                          Email-id::Prchthakare01@gmail.com

Gender: Female                                                               Age: 21, D.O.B: 14-03-1992

Summary: 

She is an ambitious engineer with the capability of adapting to the environment. She is capable of working individual as well as in teams.Also possess the capacity to be optimistic in any situation.

Educational Qualification:

Examination

Name of Board/University

Institute

Year

Percentage

B.E (Electrical & Electronics)

SantGadge Baba Amravati University

Prof. Ram Meghe College Of Engg.&Management,Badnera

2013

62.08%

Intermediate

Chandrapur

JantaMahavidyalaya College, Chandrapur

2009

64.47%

Matriculate



VidyaNiketan High School, Chandrapur

2007

70.30%



		Project Details:		

Final Year Project Undertaken:  Title: Wireless Power Transfer For Recharging A Battery. 

Synopsis: By providing electricity wirelessly to these electronic devices, it is possible to eliminate our dependency on bulky, heavy batteries and power cords, thereby making these wireless devices portable in all respect.

Technology Used: Electromagnetic Resonant Coupling.



Mini Project Details: Title: Knock/Vibration Earthquake Alarm(9V)



Synopsis: This expensive project is Knock/Vibration Burglar alarm too. Piezo electric sensor can be fixed on tables, door, cupboard, windows etc. Also this project can be used to protect cars and other vehicles from burglars. Other than that this project is used as an earthquake warning alarm.







Extra Curricular Activities:



Was in discipline committee in 2010-2011 annual gathering in ENGG….JOY.

Participated in different sports like volleyball, handball, cricket, kho-kho etc in college gatherings.

Active participant in Handball sports in University Youth Festival.





Personal Achievements:

Achieved first prize in Documentary making at college level in session 2010-2011.

Achieved first prize in drama competition in IEEE event held in Amravati in session 2011-2012.



Hobbies and Interests:



Music, Travelling, Photography, reading, interacting with people.



Workshop Attended:



	CDAC training conducted by Vinayak Ujalambe from 16/08/2012 to 29/08/ 2012 in college.

Actively participated in aptitude and personality development training conducted by Globerena “GEMS” from 2nd to 8th October, 2012 in college.

Actively participated in MYAMCAT aptitude exams held in college.

Attended ROBOTICS two day workshop in PRMITR,BADNERA college.

Attended C, C++ basic languages workshops.

Strength:

	Result Oriented

	Interactive

	Quick in adapting  new Technologies

	Keen to learn new things

	Positive Attitude

	Stage Daring

	Happy Go Lucky person.

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	Personal Details:



	Father’s Name:-         Kishor Govindrao Thakare

	Mother’s Name:-        Chaitali Kishor Thakare

	Languages:-                 English, Hindi, Marathi

	

		

	Declaration:

        

                  I am self assured of my ability to work in a team with commitment and dedication. I hereby declare that all the information provided by me in this application is factual and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

	Date:

	Place:

	Prachi K. Thakare